Docs: Add docker image recommendation (#6386)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/infrastructure.md

If you do not specify an image, we will use a Prefect image tag that matches your local Prefect and Python versions. 
If you are [building your own image](#building-your-own-image), you may find it useful to use one of the Prefect images as a base.

!!! tip "Choose image versions wisely"
    It's a good practice to use Docker images with specific Prefect versions in production.
    

>     Use care when employing images with the "latest" tags (such as `prefecthq/prefect:2-python3.9`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Use care when employing images that automatically update to new versions (such as `prefecthq/prefect:2-python3.9` or `prefecthq/prefect:2-latest`).
```
